Crispen Caruthers
was a beloved son,
brother and uncle.
His love for his family
was only matched
by his insatiable
love of model trains.
He was a noble man.
And I believe that
Crispen, the conductor,
as he liked to call himself,
is all aboard a big train...
- Oh, fuck it, why not?
- ...with the tracks...
...leading straight to Heaven.
Hello.
Nope.
Okay, next up-- Dev, 33.
Hmm.
- Mm-hmm.
- Mm, okay.
Think he likes pasta much?
What a clown.
- Can I see your phone for a second?
- Yeah.
Just want to...
What the fuck?
- That was so rude.
- Oh, come on.
I got a match!
Boom.
- Dev?
- Christine?
- Christine.
- Hey, good to meet you.
Hey, and good to meet you.
Oh, wait. Oh, you got
something on your jacket.
- Oh.
- Is this fur?
Yeah, I work at a dog hotel.
Wait. What? A dog hotel?
Yep. It's, urn, called
Chateau Marmutt.
We just opened.
Can we not talk
about this, please?
- Sure, sure. Oh, I know that place.
- Okay.
It's over on 52nd
and Bark Avenue.
Wow. Okay, that was
your one dog pun.
- Okay, are you happy?
- Yes, I am.
All right, let's go.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
It was really weird
seeing you on the app.
Last I saw you, you'd just gotten fired
from that Garden Depot commercial, right?
I know. You want
to sit over there?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, go.
It's always weird
when you see friends
on these things,
'cause it's like, all right, are we
swiping right 'cause we're friends,
or is it a possible
boning situation?
Right.
Let's be clear, we're
both here as dates, yes?
Yes.
Let's avoid the phrase
"possible boning
situation," though, right?
Oh, for sure. Poor
choice of words.
I meant to say, um...
"potential for romance
and/or magic."
Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm.
Hey, Andrea, can I get a glass
of that light red you
poured me the other day?
- You want to try this?
- Yeah, sure.
So what's the deal with it?
Is it special?
Um...
hmm, well, apparently, the
winemaker loves '90s R&B,
and he plays it
throughout the vineyards,
and it really helps open up the
depth of flavor within the grapes.
I don't know anything about wine.
It's from France.
Oh.
So how's work going?
Everything well?
I'm kind of
"fun-employed" right now.
Just going out a lot,
having a good time.
Oh, so just... going to clubs
and getting drunk a lot?
Mm-hmm.
Plus, my parents are,
like, super rich,
so it's like, why
get a job, right?
Yeah, just keep using
their money, right?
After I left LA, I
moved to New York,
and for the last couple years,
I've been working as a lawyer,
mostly in the tech industry.
- Cool.
- What do you do?
I host a competitive cupcake show
called Clash of the Cupcakes.
Cool.
Um...
I'm out of stuff to say, so I
think I'll probably head out.
Okay, well, that was a
really fun five minutes.
I think I'll just, uh,
grab these drinks, then.
- All right, bye.
- Bye.
So the original Chateau
Marmutt is in LA,
but they just opened up
the branch in New York
and that's where I work now.
- Is it fun?
- No, it's horrible.
There's dogs everywhere
going crazy.
Whoa.
All right, last question.
Have any famous
dogs stayed there?
Maybe that dog from The Artist
might have stayed there once.
What?
Hey, guys, a table just opened
up if you want to grab it.
- Sure.
- Cool.
Hey, so what was that pup like?
Ugh, huge asshole.
Pissed everywhere.
- Never tipped the staff.
- Mm.
I heard that dog from Frasier
is a real prick, too.
So, yeah, after I got out of art school,
I started working in galleries.
- Oh, where'd you go to school?
- NYU.
- Oh, me too.
- Oh, cool.
All right, bathroom break.
Is she going to the bathroom
or going to do coke?
Sorry I had to cancel on Sunday.
I had to tune in for
that WWE SummerSlam.
Pay-Per-View. You watch?
Uh, no, I missed it. How was it?
Amazing.
Dean Ambrose wrestled Samoa
Joe for the WWE Championship.
And Samoa Joe is about to hit
him with the muscle buster,
but then Ambrose put him into
a crossface chickenwing.
Then Samoa Joe reversed into
his submission finisher,
the Coquina Clutch.
Okay, I-I'm not sure I follow,
but that sounds entertaining.
You think if I was a wrestler...
my name could be Samosa Joe?
Samosa Joe?
Like the savory Indian snack?
Just a play on Samoa Joe?
No, it's Samoa Joe...
like, from the Isle of Samoa.
Can I ask you a question that you
might find a little offensive?
Mm, I'm intrigued.
Do you just date Indian girls?
No, I date people of different
ethnicities, skin tones.
What about you? Is it
Indian dudes only?
- No, no, I'll date anyone.
- Well, now I feel special.
But I did, uh, date
this white guy once,
and then I found out later that he
dated four Indian girls before me.
What? Four? That's
fetish territory.
That's what I said.
But, like, where's
the line, right?
Like, what if a girl
dated two Indian dudes?
Hmm...
Two's okay, but it
can't be back to back,
'cause then it's like,
"Mm, fetish is brewing."
It's like this lady just realized
she's really into Indian dudes.
Right. But what
about 20 in a row?
Mm... that lady is definitely
an Indian-dude serial killer.
Like, she for sure...
has an Indian guy
in her freezer.
There's, like, a head.
Like, maybe a hairy arm.
Right by a box of
Toaster Strudels.
Oh, my God, this
place is so cool.
Okay, so you host
a cupcake show.
That's amazing. I
really like cupcakes.
My favorite kind of
cupcakes-- vanilla frosted,
but I also like
strawberry frosting, too.
Okay, so I know your job.
Siblings, tell me.
How many do you have?
One little brother. You?
Only child.
Younger sister.
Five brothers.
Nine? That's a lot.
I said five.
Still kind of a lot, though.
Sorry. Work stuff.
Um...
SO...
I get the impression
that you're not really,
like, a clique-ish
kind of Indian.
What does that mean?
You know, like an Indian person who
just hangs out with Indian people.
No. I mean, I got my
Indian buds, though.
You know, Ravi, Tanvi, got
our jacked guy, Anush.
I used to be in one of those
Indian cliques in college.
You know what's weird?
Is there's always one white
person in those groups.
Yes. I was in one also.
And there was this
white girl, Marissa,
and we were out one time, and I said,
"Hey, Marissa, do you want a drink?"
And this is what she did.
No! She can't do that.
She did the head bob.
- That's Indian use only.
- That's what I'm saying.
- I could not believe that.
- Yeah, that's...
- Ridiculous.
- I've never seen a white person do that.
- I've n--
- It's-- It should be off limits, right?
It definitely should be.
Oh, gosh, I'm so sorry. I
really need to get this.
- I'll be right back.
- All right.
So I got to give you props.
I really enjoyed your
opening message to me.
- Oh, thanks.
- Be honest, though.
- Is that a line you send to everyone?
- What?
No. I would never
do such a thing.
I don't believe you.
All right, you show me your
messages, I'll show you mine.
Mm... I don't know.
- Mm-hmm. Yeah.
- Okay.
- Don't back out of this, though.
- I won't. I won't. I'm here.
All right, I send it to everyone,
but everything else is custom
charming stuff just for you.
All right, all right,
fair enough, fair enough.
- Let's see yours.
- All right. Okay, here it is.
Whoa!
- There's so many guys.
- I know. I know.
It just keeps going!
I know. I've pretty much stopped
responding to most of it.
See, that's why the Whole
Foods line is key.
It breaks through the clutter.
- No, it's true.
- Is that what most guys say?
"Hey," "Hey," "Hey," "Hi," "Hi,"
"Hey," "Hey," "Hi," "Hey," "Hi"?
Yes, yes, but, I mean,
I also get that, like,
really gross, like,
disgusting stuff, too, a lot.
Like what?
Well, like, there was
the guy who was like,
"Hey, just come on over, and
we'll fuck on my hammock."
A guy sent me his penis and
was like, "This is my penis."
Fetish-y Indian stuff.
Fetish-y Latina stuff.
Fetish-y short
Filipino girl stuff.
One guy texted me a picture
of a handwritten letter.
That seems nice.
It just said, "What up with
them big old titties?"
In permanent marker.
Mm, that's not as nice.
And then he drew two
big old titties.
Oh, being a black
woman on these apps--
completely different situation.
I mean, compared to my white
friends, I get way less activity.
I also find that I rarely match
with guys outside of my race.
Same for me.
A lot of my matches
are Indian women.
I did read somewhere that the
people that do worst on the apps
are Asian men and black women.
Well, it's great white people finally
have an advantage somewhere.
- Cheers to them.
- To white people.
I am so sorry. Was that long?
Yeah, it was about 15 minutes.
Yeah, that's really bad.
I'm really sorry.
Um, let me buy us a nice
bottle to make up for it?
All right.
What'd you do over the weekend?
Uh, nothing much.
Some friends and I went
to the Guggenheim.
What about you?
I got hammered all weekend.
There's this French guy.
His name's Hubert.
He's, like, this super-rich guy
who does nice stuff for me
'cause he thinks I'm
gonna fuck him,
and, like, I'm never
gonna fuck him.
I mean, I, like,
fucked him once,
but I'm never gonna
fuck him again.
Anyway, he flew us
out to the Hamptons.
It was completely insane.
You would not believe it.
Sounds completely insane.
And then when I got home, I watched
that movie Mortal Kombat: Annihilation.
And then I watched it again.
It's a horrible movie.
They kill Johnny Cage
in the first scene.
Like, really?
Uh, yeah, I agree. That's
an odd story move.
All right, now try this. I
think you'll really love it.
All right.
Mmm! That is good.
Good. Okay, good.
I have friends who are super into
wine that turned me on to it.
But I'm glad you like it.
Yeah. Now it feels like you were
gone for five minutes instead of 15.
My anger is subsiding.
Okay, good.
Phew. Cheers.
Cheers.
Ahh.
Excuse me. Can you
please refill my water?
Okay.
Thank you.
What a bitch.
Is horrible service
the thing here?
I don't think so.
You want to get one more?
No, I-I'm pretty tired. I
think I'm gonna head home.
Yeah. Me too.
Mm, this weed pen
is really awesome.
- I know, right?
- Yeah.
- See how it lights up?
- I know. It's so pretty.
It's like we're in the future.
Um, hold up.
Did you just see that
older Asian businessman
licking a giant lollipop?
- Yes! What is his story?
- I don't know.
Maybe he's really into lollipops, and
he's tired of housing six at a time?
Maybe he was a giant, and someone
hit him with a shrinking ray
but they missed the lollipop.
- Ooh, that's why it's still giant.
- Exactly.
Oh, shit, those two
white guys are fighting!
Oh, God.
All right, I ain't stepping
in, but I'm gonna call 911.
I'm sorry. Can you be quiet?
I'm trying to Snap this.
- What the fuck?
- Sona!
- Hey. Oh, my God.
- Patrick!
It is so good to see you.
What's going on?
Uh, not much. I just
moved back to the city.
- Oh.
- Are you still at The Times?
Yeah, yeah. Just grinding away.
I just got back into town.
I was in Syria.
- Hey, I'm Dev.
- Oh, hey. Patrick.
Patrick's a war photographer.
Uh, this is Dev. He hosts
Clash of the Cupcakes.
Oh.
Kind of a different war
we're fighting on our set.
So, uh, Syria?
That must have been
really intense.
Yeah, last week we were
in this tiny village.
We thought we were in a safe
zone, but out of nowhere,
this car explodes, and I had
to get dragged out of there
by my security detail.
It was harrowing.
Oh, God, I can't even imagine.
Last week, uh, Mario Lopez was
on Clash of the Cupcakes.
That was pretty harrowing, too.
To be clear, I was
joking, but...
I mean, Mario Lopez was
on the show, but...
he's a pretty nice guy.
Right. Well, Sona...
It's so great to see you. I-I'd
love to catch up sometime or...
Yeah, I'd love that.
Bye.
See you.
I go everywhere on my bike.
It's the best.
Aren't you scared you'll
get hit by a car and die?
Mm, nah, I've been
hit, like, five times.
This arm is completely metal.
Whoa. So you're like
the Winter Soldier?
- Who's that?
- Captain America's best friend!
The Winter Soldier?
He's a super assassin?
Also has a metal arm?
Real name Bucky Barnes?
Fun fact-- my ex-girlfriend
nicknamed my belly Bucky.
Oh, so to be clear,
on our first date,
we're gonna talk about your
ex-girlfriend and comic books?
And my belly.
So, urn, how's the
acting stuff going?
Keeping busy.
Um, I actually just wrapped.
I was filming a
airline safety video.
Oh, who'd you play?
I was the bad example of a woman
who puts on the child's
mask before her own.
Juicy role.
Excuse me, guys.
I don't mean to interrupt,
but are you Dev from
Clash of the Cupcakes?
Um... yeah. That's me.
Oh, man, uh... I don't
want to freak you out,
but your show helped me
through a tough time.
My friend was
going through chemo,
and we would watch Clash
of the Cupcakes together,
and your upbeat attitude,
it got us through, man.
She's totally healthy now,
and I think you had a big
part to do with that.
Wow. Uh, I'm really flattered.
You know, I was just doing
the gig, hosting the show.
Not to me, man.
Not to me.
What's the craziest thing
you've ever done'?
Ever? I don't know.
I'll tell you mine.
This one time I went on a date,
and, somehow, I wind
up in the bathroom
giving the bartender a hand job.
- Whoa.
- I mean, he was hot.
I totally wanted to fuck,
but I figured I'd
go back to my date
'cause he got me a nice dinner.
You know...
So I come back,
and my date was like,
"Uh, what's up?"
And I was like, "Not much."
Want to get another round?
I'll go get it.
- I-I'm good.
- Are you sure?
Yeah.
So I'm sitting in front of
the PS4, look at the clock,
realize I'm eight hours deep
into an Overwatch sesh.
I'm starving by then, so I go
over to my ramen place, Mr. Taka.
I know Mr. Taka.
That place is good.
Oh, it's delicious.
I love their chicken ramen.
It has these really
nice yuzu lemon notes.
Big fan of yuzu.
I wrote this whole article
about it for my blog.
Wait. I read that article.
Are you the Ramaniac?
Yeah. Keep it on the DL, man.
I got to protect
my secret identity
to have integrity for my blog.
Yeah, yeah.
I can't go to ramen restaurants,
have people start recognizing me.
The chef's gonna come out
asking for my photo.
I don't know. It's
a whole thing.
I get it, sure. I am a fan.
I-I read all the reviews.
I have it on my
bookmarks toolbar.
Oh, that's nice. It's
great to meet a fan.
Uh, you know, we should go
get ramen together sometime.
Yeah, that'd be fun.
I'll come clean, I always
assumed the Ramaniac was a man.
Oh, I get that.
I've been told my writing style
has a masculine energy to it,
you know, like
Hemingway or Bukowski.
By the way, you may have heard
of my dad, John Larkin.
Uh... sorry. I don't know him.
♪ Ba-da-ba-da-ba-bee,
Ba-ba-ba-da-bo ♪
- ♪ Ba-ba-ba-da-bo ♪
- Fucking Scatman?
You're the son of Scatman?
Yeah, I am.
Here, I ordered these shots
for the three of us.
- Wow.
- Thank you.
Hey, to the Scatman.
To the Scatman!
Is everything okay?
Oh, yeah, sorry. It's
kind of an emergency.
Oh, no problem.
Wait.
Are you on the app?
Oh. Yeah.
Well, that's not an emergency.
That's just kind of shitty, right?
We're on a date.
Kind of.
Sorry.
It's just--it's
only ten o'clock,
and I might be able to
meet someone later.
Plus, I really like swiping.
What do you think of that guy?
Let's see the rest
of his profile.
Um, sir, do you mind if
I put some music on?
- Yeah, sure.
- What are you throwing on?
Um, I think you might
be familiar with it.
Yes!
♪ Bee, ba-ba-ba-da-bo ♪
♪ Ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-da-ba... ♪
Oh, wait. I can't.
Sorry. I have a boyfriend.
What? Then why are
you on the app?
I like to use it
to make friends.
No, that's not what it's for.
It's a dating app.
It's called Love At First Sight.
Well, maybe they should
make one for friends, then.
I'm having a hard time
sympathizing with this problem.
Well, do you want to
hang out next week...
as friends?
- You could meet Rod.
- Who's that?
That's my boyfriend.
Sure.
How'd you meet Rod?
On the app.
Oh.
Oh...
- It's not happening.
- I'm so sorry.
No, it's fine. I, you know...
I-I was just riding the high
from the whole "Scatman" thing.
- And so I thought...
- Yeah.
- ...it was gonna go that way.
- Yeah, uh...
But I guess not.
I'm sorry. It's not--
I-I had a lot of fun.
I-I just think it's best if we're
just friends, though, you know?
Sure, yeah.
You know what? I think I might
go ahead and turn off "Scatman."
Okay.
So, urn, how much
further is your place?
It's about 30 blocks
away from here.
Ah.
Thirty blocks.
Um, this is me.
All right.
Do you want to come over to my
place and maybe have a drink?
Uh, yes, but I can't
'cause I just met you.
- So...
- Fair enough. I mean, I wasn't implying...
No, no, of course not.
I was thinking
we'd have a drink,
maybe play Seinfeld Monopoly.
Never played, but sounds fun.
It is fun.
Sometime. Maybe... maybe we
could do something next week.
- Yeah, I'm around. I'll give you a ring.
- Okay.
- All right, bye.
- All right, cool, bye.
Mm, do you-- do you want to
grab a condom from that jar?
- Yeah.
Hey, sorry I
can't have you sleep over.
I have to be at Chateau
Marmutt so early tomorrow.
Oh, I understand.
It's no problem.
Um... hey, random question.
Um, what's up with the jar?
Mm, it's, um, just a gift
that a friend gave me.
Isn't it a little racist?
Racist?
You can't use that shade of black
to depict African-American people.
No one else has ever
been offended by it.
Have any black people seen it?
Uh, I haven't had any
African-American guests.
So I'm the person with the darkest
skin tone that's seen it,
and I'm the most offended.
Don't you see a
correlation there?
So...
you think I'm racist now, but
you still had sex with me?
Y-yeah. I did.
I mean, I was kind of...
caught up in the moment.
Don't you think
that's hypocritical?
It definitely doesn't reflect
well on my principles, no.
I think you should go.
Well...
just-- just show it to a
black person sometime.
That's all I'm asking.
This was all coming
from a good place.
- I-I don't know what else to...
- Get-- get out of my apartment.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right.